This is the plot. Any good writers are highly encouraged to contribute.

This makes me want a
video game about a
zombie apocalypse that
only affects men so it's
up to the housewives of
5os‘ America to save
humanity.
saving this idea for
class.
i would play the heck out of
that game, it is an amazing
idea.
Also can there be a character
design screen so you can make
your little housewife?
I think it'd be entertaining to see
what guys could come up with
for making their female-selves. If
you ask me.
I would so play this game.
I would suck at it but I would play it.
I've never played a zombie game, but you
got me at 50's.
Hngggggggg I love 5os clothes give it to me

OMG I already thought of some sort of premise:

In 1953 a certain laboratory on an undisclosed
location developed a serum that could genetically
modify humans, giving them enhanced speed,
agility, strength, and brainpower.

Scientists found a way to modify the serum such
that it could only activate itself in the presence of a
Y chromosome, thus isolating the effects to men,
mostly because of female discrimination at the
time.

The serum was a success, and sales skyrocketed
just a few weeks after its release.

What the developers did not anticipate, though,
was the human body's incapacity to handle the
serum. The mental and physical over-exhaustion
triggered a mental decay which starts out slow, but
speeds up exponentially within a few months after
usage of the serum. The brains of the users are left
with only the most basic survival reflexes,
transforming the users into strong, fast, agile,
emotionless human shells, devouring any mobile
life form in their path.

Bites from the affected individuals could place
copies of the rogue serum into the bodies of the
bitten, giving them the symptoms. Shortly after, the
serum evolved into a sort of genetic virus, causing
mental decay in just days. No one was safe. No
one...

except the women.

‘cue in epic music’

Can you imagine the shitstorm this game would cause.
I'd laugh pretty hard.
would still play it though.
Not gonna lie, I'd play the shit out of this.
I approve of this concept 100%
I want a montage in the beginning of the housewife getting ready to
kick ass
She puts on her best dress, a string of pearls, does her hair taking
out the curlers, puts on her most stylish flats, and the finishing touch,
her engagement ring with the big diamond in it, and when they fight,
they look fabulous and kick ass like they were trained by Catwoman
and Harley Quinn
Lipstick the shade of the blood of my enemies
